and today I'll be showing you how to
download the hunger game mod what this
might pay much is it if you don't know a
server that does hunger game show up and
your funds to let it play it they're
their own a server for you guys to play
and you're a loner like me you just want
to put it by yourself and this mod is
perfect you to play a single player
hunger games and pretty much it
downloads all the characters from the
movie and you get all the stuff from
movie like they added a couple new
weapons like the dagger and stuff and a
couple other weapons I forgot their
names and they have all linked the
crates and you have sponsors and stuff
it's really neat and that today I'll be
showing you how to download this and
under 5 10 minutes probably like six
minutes seven minutes very simple
download my first thing to download the
mod itself you go to here to download
you press show and click here and you
post latest client and since you've 35
seconds because a bad fly
and I'll just go there and you'd go on
this website where's economy mods I'll
have everything the description so no
need to worry to find it and press
direct download unless you are a plus
adfly and wait five seconds whatever
floats your boat just check it if I was
open when you drag which is downloaded
and obvious my battery's gonna die to
the desktop i'll probably finish before
the battery dies i hope so but i don't
want to rush this because that's just
not me rushing something and you just
minimize it and what you do is click on
your dashboard and this will show up you
best go and you click go to folders and
this will be in the description and
usually a copy this link and it's the
fastest way to get your bin so you click
on bin and this would be here what you
do it press your right click it press
open with an archiver so this is a a a
free thing you get to download in the
app store apple app store for any mac
users so this is a must need if you want
to do mods so after it just takes a
couple seconds to extract all the files
the first thing you want to do is delete
folder called on my name
so you just click on it and you scroll
down it's somewhere in the middle
not too sure where it is can I put it in
better form
nope that was just with Louise okay well
sighs still not there okay well you just
have to search too i try to find it for
windows that usually goes to the very
top okay for here we go to the bottom if
you arrange it by a file size so you
move into trash because we might have
been what a met it does is I prevents
any mods from downloading and you don't
want that happen so you click modloader
and you cop everything in Molitor and
just put it paste it in and just press
replace all and just put that file in
and replace it and then what you do is
press back and press back again and you
scroll down all the way to mods a mod
folder if you don't have a mod folder
then you're gonna have to make one just
by right clicking and typing your mods
and all you do is with your hunger game
download is drag it right into here and
you're done that is how you download
Hunger Games